Fixing JsonTransformer for table to markdown (#17781)
demisto/content: Packs/Base/ReleaseNotes/1_18_9.md

#### Scripts
##### CommonServerPython

> - Fix JsonTransformer in tableToMarkdown to support list and nesting correctly. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add support for lists and nested items in **tableToMarkdown** when using *JsonTransformer* argument. 
```
